DOCS-1660 Move how to build schema registry into README, out of docs (#1465)
confluentinc/schema-registry: README.md

This project uses the [Google Java code style](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html)
to keep code clean and consistent.

To build:

```bash
mvn compile
```

To run the unit and integration tests:

```bash
mvn test
```

To run an instance of Schema Registry against a local Kafka cluster (using the default configuration included with Kafka):

```bash
mvn exec:java
```

To create a packaged version, optionally skipping the tests:

```bash
mvn package [-DskipTests]
```

> This will produce a version ready for production in `package/target/kafka-schema-registry-package-$VERSION-package` containing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces a version ready for production in `package/target/kafka-schema-registry-package-$VERSION-package` containing a
```
